Thanks Lei for the part of eating.
Apart from eating, sleep is an essential factor helping to restore the immune, nervous, skeletal, and muscular systems; these are vital processes that maintain mood, memory, and cognitive function.
And you may heard of deep sleep,shallow sleep or some Sleep monitoring tech products.But what are the stages of sleep?At which stage of sleep does deep sleep occur?
In today's brief introduction of sleep ,I gonna talk about several stages of sleep and some tips on maintaining a good quality of sleep.
Sleep occurs in repeating periods, in which the body alternates between two distinct modes: REM sleep and non-REM sleep.
Although REM stands for "rapid eye movement", this mode of sleep has many other aspects,including virtual paralysis of the body. A well-known feature of sleep is the dream.

REM sleep is physiologically different from the other phases of sleep, which are collectively referred to as non-REM sleep

REM and non-REM sleep alternate within one sleep cycle, which lasts about 90 minutes in adult humans.
As sleep cycles continue, they shift towards a higher proportion of REM sleep.
During a night of sleep, humans usually experience about four or five periods of REM sleep; they are shorter (~15 min) at the beginning of the night and longer (~25 min) toward the end.
Many animals and some people tend to wake, or experience a period of very light sleep, for a short time immediately after a bout of REM.
The relative amount of REM sleep varies considerably with age. A newborn baby spends more than 80% of total sleep time in REM.

Non-rapid eye movement sleep (NREM), also known as quiescent sleep[1], is, collectively, sleep stages 1–3, previously known as stages 1–4.
there is usually little or no eye movement during these stages. Dreaming is rare during NREM sleep.and muscles are not paralyzed as in REM sleep.
because muscles are not paralyzed a person may be able to sleepwalk.

NREM sleep was divided into four stages in the Rechtschaffen and Kales (R&K) standardization of 1968. That has been reduced to three in the 2007 update by The American Academy of Sleep Medicine (AASM).[7]